21 (2008) - A heist drama film about MIT students card counting in blackjack.
A Quiet Place: Day One - A post-apocalyptic horror prequel film.
Agent Carter - A Marvel Television series following Peggy Carter.
Agatha All Along - An upcoming Marvel Studios television series.
Anatomy of a Fall - A French legal drama thriller film.
Ant-Man - A Marvel Cinematic Universe superhero film.
Ant-Man and the Wasp - The sequel to Marvel's Ant-Man.
Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania - The third film in the Ant-Man series.
Avengers: Age of Ultron - The second Avengers film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Avengers: Endgame - The culmination of the Infinity Saga in the MCU.
Avengers: Infinity War - The third Avengers film where they fight Thanos.
Black Panther - A Marvel Cinematic Universe film centered on T'Challa.
Black Panther: Wakanda Forever - The sequel to Marvel's Black Panther.
Black Widow - A Marvel Cinematic Universe film exploring Natasha Romanoff's past.
Captain America: Brave New World - An upcoming Marvel Cinematic Universe film.
Captain America: Civil War - The third Captain America film in the MCU.
Captain America: The First Avenger - The origin story film of Captain America in the MCU.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier - The second Captain America film in the MCU.
Captain Marvel - A Marvel Cinematic Universe film about Carol Danvers.
Crime 101 - An upcoming crime film based on a novella by Don Winslow.
Daredevil - A Marvel Television series centered on the blind lawyer/vigilante Matt Murdock.
Daredevil: Born Again - An upcoming Marvel Studios television series.
Deadpool & Wolverine - A superhero comedy film uniting Deadpool and Wolverine.
Doctor Strange - A Marvel Cinematic Universe film introducing the Sorcerer Supreme.
Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - The sequel to Doctor Strange.
Dream Scenario - A dark comedy fantasy film starring Nicolas Cage.
Dumb Money - A biographical comedy-drama about the GameStop short squeeze.
Dune: Part Two - The second part of the epic sci-fi film adaptation of Frank Herbert's novel.
Echo - A Marvel Studios television series about Maya Lopez.
Eternals - A Marvel Cinematic Universe film about ancient immortal beings.
Fast & Furious - A blockbuster action film franchise centered on street racing and heists.
Ferrari - A biographical drama film about Enzo Ferrari.
Good Will Hunting - A drama film about a mathematical genius working as a janitor.
Gran Turismo - A biographical sports drama film based on the video game series.
Guardians of the Galaxy - A Marvel Cinematic Universe film about a band of intergalactic outlaws.
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 - The sequel to Guardians of the Galaxy.
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - The third installment of the Guardians of the Galaxy series.
Hawkeye - A Marvel Studios television series featuring Clint Barton and Kate Bishop.
How to Get Away with Murder - A legal thriller television series.
Inception - A sci-fi action film about dream extraction directed by Christopher Nolan.
Inside Out 2 - An animated coming-of-age film by Pixar.
Interstellar - An epic science fiction film about space exploration to save humanity.
Iron Fist - A Marvel Television series about martial artist Danny Rand.
Iron Man - The film that launched the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Iron Man 2 - The sequel to Iron Man.
Iron Man 3 - The third installment in the Iron Man series.
Jessica Jones - A Marvel Television series about a private investigator with superpowers.
Killers of the Flower Moon - An epic western crime drama directed by Martin Scorsese.
Loki - A Marvel Studios television series exploring the multiverse.
Luke Cage - A Marvel Television series about a superhero with unbreakable skin.
Mad Max: Fury Road - A post-apocalyptic action film directed by George Miller.
Men, Women & Children - A drama film exploring the effect of the internet on relationships.
Money Heist - A popular Spanish heist crime drama television series.
Moon Knight - A Marvel Studios television series about a mercenary with dissociative identity disorder.
Ms. Marvel - A Marvel Studios television series about teenage superhero Kamala Khan.
Oppenheimer - A biographical thriller film about J. Robert Oppenheimer.
Ozark - A crime drama television series about a family laundering money for a cartel.
Poor Things - A surreal comedy-drama film starring Emma Stone.
Pritam and Pedro - A comedy film about a tech-challenged cop and a brilliant hacker.
Pulp Fiction - A classic neo-noir crime film directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Saltburn - A psychological thriller film.
Secret Invasion - A Marvel Studios television series about a Skrull invasion.
Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings - A Marvel Cinematic Universe martial arts superhero film.
She-Hulk: Attorney at Law - A Marvel Studios comedy television series.
Spider-Man: Far From Home - The second MCU Spider-Man film.
Spider-Man: Homecoming - The first solo Spider-Man film in the MCU.
Spider-Man: No Way Home - The third MCU Spider-Man film exploring the multiverse.
The Avengers - The first team-up superhero film in the MCU.
The Color Purple - A musical coming-of-age period drama film.
The Defenders - A Marvel Television miniseries crossover event.
The Equalizer 3 - An action thriller film starring Denzel Washington.
The Falcon and the Winter Soldier - A Marvel Studios television series.
The Fantastic Four: First Steps - An upcoming Marvel Cinematic Universe film.
The Godfather - A classic American mobster film directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
The Holdovers - A comedy-drama film set at a New England prep school.
The Incredible Hulk - The second film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
The Iron Claw - A biographical sports drama about the Von Erich wrestling family.
The Killer - An action thriller film directed by David Fincher.
The Marvels - A Marvel Cinematic Universe film teaming up Captain Marvel, Ms. Marvel, and Monica Rambeau.
The Matrix - A seminal sci-fi action film about a simulated reality.
The Punisher - A Marvel Television series about vigilante Frank Castle.
The Social Network - A biographical drama about the founding of Facebook.
The Zone of Interest - A historical drama film set during the Holocaust.
Thor - A Marvel Cinematic Universe film introducing the God of Thunder.
Thor: Love and Thunder - The fourth solo Thor film in the MCU.
Thor: Ragnarok - The third solo Thor film in the MCU.
Thor: The Dark World - The second solo Thor film in the MCU.
Thunderbolts* - An upcoming Marvel Cinematic Universe film featuring an antihero team.
Voicemails for Isabelle - A Netflix romantic comedy-drama film.
WandaVision - A Marvel Studios television series blending classic sitcoms and the MCU.
We're the Millers - A comedy film about a fake family smuggling drugs.
What If...? - An animated Marvel Studios series exploring alternate timelines.
